VERSION 1.1.2
SLEEPY 1.1.2 is a minor update from version 1.1.1
    Corrected an error in Liouvillian.clear_cache, which was failing when
    clearing systems in exchange if different numbers of interactions were
    included in ExpSys objects (usually, we would always have the same number 
    of interactions, but if we suppose an interaction strength goes to zero, 
    one could in principle leave it away, but this approach was failing).
    
    Some figure displays with nuclear symbols having two characters were 
    leaving away the second character (e.g. Li was displayed as L). This has
    been corrected. 
    
    Support was added for defining the detection operator as a vector with 
    a length equal to the total length of the Liouvillian. This allows one to
    manually define a detection operator that only detects in a given state in
    exchange (for example). Previously, some of the setup steps were creating 
    errors due to the unexpected shape/size.
    
    Added the ability to provide a list of indices or a boolean list to the
    powder average to select a subset of angles.
 
VERSION 1.1.1
SLEEPY 1.1.1 is a minor update to version 1.1.0:
    We correct the "tumbling" function in sl.Tools. The tumbling function
    evaluates proximity of orientations in a powder average by taking the 
    sum of squared arc lengths of vectors starting on the x,y, and z axes 
    between pairs of orientations. This value is used to scale the rate of
    exchange between orientations (see eq. 17 in paper,
    https://doi.org/10.1038/s41467-025-65091-6).
    
    In version 1.1.0 (and prior versions), the arc length between the x and y 
    vectors was inadvertently set to zero (Thanks to Wanli Zhang for the bug 
    report). This should not impact simulations where alpha tumbling is not 
    included,  but may otherwise induce minor changes. If you observe major 
    changes in a simulation, I would be happy if it could be reported 
    (albert.smith-penzel@uni-leipzig.de)
    
    

VERSION 1.1.0
SLEEPY 1.1.0 adds a few features and changes:
    Defaults can be saved. Execute sl.saveDefaults() to save your defaults for
    the next session.
    
    Version info stored in SLEEPY: Check sl.version_info
    Version should be printed with the first run of updated SLEEPY
    
    The second order quadrupole coupling has been added in the rotating frame.
    This is now the default behavior (set order=1 to only include the first-
    order term when setting the quadrupole interaction). To implement this,
    we now have variable number of components in the Hamiltonians and 
    Liouvillian. Previously, we always had 5 rotating components, now this is
    variable, and will switch to 9 rotating components if a second-order
    quadrupole interaction is included (since the second-order quadrupole
    interaction is a rank-4 interaction).
    
    Definition of the Hz axes is redefined to be consistent with SIMPSON
    behavior. This only affects nuclei with negative gyromagnetic ratio.
    In previous versions, if the gyromagnetic ratio was negative, then the 
    ppm and Hz axes would be reversed relative to each other. This is no longer 
    the default behavior (change Defaults['Hz_gyro_sign_depend']=False to 
    recover the previous behavior). CSA and CS Hamiltonians have also been 
    updated to swap the sign when input is in Hz, and the gyromagnetic ratio is
    negative. This is so that an input of 500 Hz CS will remain at 500 Hz on 
    the Hz axis (but will appear as a positive shift on the ppm axis, whereas
    previously this would have appeared as a negative shift on the ppm axis).
    
    Note that this can create some confusion: suppose we detect with '15Np', 
    which is the first spin in the system, and define a chemical shift with 500
    Hz. Then, for a standard direct-pulse experiment, we'll get a peak at 500Hz.
    On the other hand, if the detector is defined with a matrix, e.g.
    detect=ex.Op[0].p, which is in principle the '15Np' operator, the axis
    will run the opposite direction and the peak will appear at -500 Hz. This
    is because SLEEPY doesn't know what nucleus the detector corresponds to and
    so can't switch the sign accordingly.
    